The BLAST Graphic Viewer package and all associated files are

Copyright (C) 2003 The Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University

The software is provided under the Artistic License. In particular,

1) If you modify a source file, make a comment in it containing your
   name and the date.
2) If you distribute a modified version, you must do it under the
   Artistic License.
3) Developers are encouraged but not required to notify the package
   maintainers at shuai@genome.stanford.edu when they make a useful
   addition.  It would be nice if significant contributions could be
   merged into the main distribution.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as perl itself.  See the Artistic License file
in the main Perl distribution for specific terms and conditions of
use.  In addition, the following disclaimers apply:

The Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University makes no
representations whatsoever as to the SOFTWARE contained herein. It is
provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

By downloading this SOFTWARE, your Institution hereby indemnifies The
Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University against any
loss, claim, damage or liability, of whatsoever kind, which may arise
from your Institution's respective use, handling or storage of the
SOFTWARE.

If publications resulting from research using this SOFTWARE, we ask
that the Saccharomyces Genome Database (SGD), Stanford University be
acknowledged and/or credit be given to SGD Team, as scientifically
appropriate.


